Hello dear friends and lovers
creativity and modeling of polymer clay
today will be a lesson on realistic
modeling food and in this video I'll show you
how to make a mini copy of this pizza with
mushrooms and bell pepper
let's start making pizza of course with
dough cakes we take a piece of beige
clay and roll it into reservoir 4
millimeter thick
take a round frame and cut out
beige circle I took qatar with a diameter of 4
centimeter is exactly the same as for
Cakes further finger weed
circle surface inward
everywhere except the edges of the edge of the pizza should
remind rollers to be higher than all
the surface of the pizza is sharp cut
corners along the edges also need to round out
fingers now let's touch up the dough
pizza dry pastel use yellow and
orange and brown shades for
giving pizza baked
and ruddy look as usual we start with
the lightest shade of the bed for example
yellow us hard bed knife and
we paint a dough with a soft brush
top and bottom texture dough give with
crumpled piece of foil
further tint protruding with
using darker pastels
for example light brown and orange
and this can no longer be done
tassels and just a finger and the final
dark brown color we use it
just a little bit to imitate toasted
crust now the dough is ready proceed to
filling pizza with delicious pieces of food
but first you need to spread the pizza crust
tomato sauce mix liquid
polymer
clay with ordinary pieces of clay and
stir thoroughly before getting here
This cream and grease the cake on top
additionally you can add liquid
plastics on top of tomato sauce to
our slices of vegetables and mushrooms are better
stuck on a cake
to imitate spices on the plate in them
a little brown bed on top of the sauce
this should be the basis and
now proceed to the more complex
making ingredients for
pizza start with salami sausages we take
white dirty pink and dirty red
color the clay and cut into pieces the blade so
do until it works out
such a mass of colored dots this
and our salami sausage will roll out
from this mass cylinder and tint
red brown pastel on all sides
cut the sausage into pieces and
spread on the surface of the pizza here
the pizza starts to get delicious
view now do mushrooms mushrooms
take the gray clay and roll it in
cylinder
we tint it with pastel
gray-brown along the edges we cut
on round plates and the tip of a knife
cut off the excess so that the mushroom comes out
in a section with a round awl
hat closer to the leg
here is ready a piece of champignon put it on
im several such mushrooms and
spread on pizza for free
plots with
and we are not busy with sausage, then we do
black olives cut into black sausage and
we roll small balls we make
balls little hole here to you and
a piece of olive
put them on the pizza now let's
make green bell pepper
take two small pieces of clay one
dark green and the other more
light green fold them friend
on each other and roll into one
a thin two-layer cake
millimeter thick and now a knife
we cut off a very thin striped if
look at the side then it will be seen that she
double so here's the light color this
the inside of the pepper and dark is the rind
we bend this striped in the form of different
bright side inside and
we get pieces of bell pepper
put them on the pizza
get drunk is all there is not enough
of course cheese
we mix cheese just like tomato
sauce take the yellow clay add to it
liquid plastic and knead cream cheese
now neatly and slightly
grease cheese pizza do it all
a little bit
so as not to bar all of our previous
sausage mushrooms and vegetables
try to get between them in the empty
places if you notice the cheese is not quite
bright yellow and the pizza is not bright all colors
slightly muffled
and natural suppress in bright colors
dry pastel dark colors or vice versa
add white to dilute
brightness of polymer clay and bring it closer
to natural muted shades
on top of the cheese you can put a couple more
pieces of mushrooms and sausages add
spices and black pepper crumbled on top
bed
a little touch up the texture of mint foil
and you can cut the pizza into pieces
cut it and into eight pieces like
a cake but I will cut off just one piece
since i'm doing a puppet miniature
and I am not going to leave the furniture cut
very carefully we try not to crush
ingredients for even more
Realism do loose texture on
slices of the dough with a needle and on the
pizza and cut pieces add
on the sides are streams of cheese and finally pizza
can be send oven for baking
for half an hour after baking can be covered
pizza glossy varnish but only yellow
cheese and sausage after all our efforts
we get excellent almost edible pizza
with almost edible mushrooms
if you like my lesson you can
rate it under the video as well
lay out your work to my group
VKontakte in a special album
that's all for now